W-13675718-RunHistoryUpdate-ESB (#474)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_ms_release_notes.adoc

== July 3, 2023

include::_partials/release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+3]

* The following enhancements appear on the *Flow Details* page: 

> ** The *Last Triggered* field now appears in the heading of the *Flow Details* page. This field displays the last time that a flow was triggered. Refreshing the *Flow Details* page will also refresh the value in the *Last Triggered* field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The *Last Triggered* field now appears in the heading of the *Flow Details* page. This field displays the last time that a flow was triggered. Refreshing the *Flow Details* page also refreshes the value in the *Last Triggered* field. 
```
